New inhabitants end up in Bramandant Samrathan in two ways. The first is that they can be brought there. This is often done by [[The Rocabaira]], but can be done by any sufficiently powerful inhabitant (of which there are many).

The second is that they just... kind of show up.  No one really knows how or why, and no one ever sees it happen.  Accounts by new inhabitants are all pretty similar.  They were walking through the woods, or a field, or a city and went around a tree, or pushed through some tall grass, or turn a street corner and suddenly find themselves in The City.

This only ever happens in one place: Keshtraya, in the center of what has become known as The Welcome District.  This was where [[Wuotan]] and his followers first entered The City and continued their fight against the monsters that were ending their world.  Large groups entering via Keshtraya used to be commonplace, but there hasn't been an influx of more than a dozen people in centuries if not millennia.

Keshtraya is a large natural area, approximately 1,200 acres.  In the northwest is a large lake with a river flowing to the southeast. Bordering the lake and river to the north and east is a large wooded area.  South and west are large fields and meadows.  Finally, surrounding the natural area are buildings and houses of the city itself.  When speaking, residents generally refer to just the natural area as Keshtraya.  However, this urban ring about two blocks wide on all sides is also technically Keshtraya, for new residents have appeared here as well.  No new resident has ever arrived in The City outside of this area without being brought there by someone else.