Alternative Title: The GM Needs to Better Pace Downtime So the Party Doesn't Befriend the Whore House Madam or Ask Questions About NPCs He's Done Absolutely Zero Prep For.

This was a low key session because the GM vastly underestimated time necessary for downtime evaluation.

Things done and/or learned:

#### [[Grundulin Heffengrew]]
1) Learned of [[Kotraec Opalchin]], a dwarf merchant who is the second Keshtraya Ward representative to the city council, along with [[Dhessah]].
2) Grundulin did some home improvement around the house, creating five different hidden caches.
3) Made quite the impression with [[Jenna]], the madam of [[Jenna's Jamborie]].  She is going to discreetly look for information regarding the Golvermund.
4) Was unable to find information regarding the [[Dave's Kitsune| Kitsune that brought him to The City]].

#### [[Anur Hekman]]
1) Attempted to research rituals with humanoid subjects.  Needs to gain access to higher level restricted texts to learn specifics.
2) Unable to find information or locations related to the Golvermund.
3) Learned about kobold's physiology and their absorption of surrounding ambient energy and how it can affect their physiology.  Believes this could be related to what the minotaur said regarding smelling Anur.
4) Learned that there are Daemons below the archdaemon level in the hierarchy called Harbingers.  These daemons sometimes have cults dedicated to them.
5) Learned about Aeons, also gained access to level 1 primal, arcane, and divine texts as well as level 2 occult texts.

#### [[Aranvael]]
1) Learned that the minotaur wasn't really a minotaur, or at least not a normal one.
2) Met [[Shalenddra Mailynn]], the divine texts overseer at the Library.  She grants access to first level restricted divine texts.
3) Discovered that the minotaur's dying monologue was very reminiscent of Daemons and their desire to destroy everything. Also learned that when daemons are killed, they are dead dead, not "sent to their home plane" dead.
4) Learned from [[Aerlys Valtorin|Aerlys]] that one of the foundational understandings of magic may be wrong. It was prior believed that there was always a balance in magical energies. It turns out that there may be small amounts of energy left over after teleportations.
5) Met Lorshor, cleric of Iomadae in the [[Temple Ward]].
6) Learned that angels are not monolithically good.  Also learned that there are dozens if not hundred of Harbinger cults, where Harbingers grant powers to their followers.

#### [[Bandit]] 
1) Created fixed and updated an alchemical workstation in the house.
2) Was granted access to restricted first level arcane texts by [[Nemylus]], a centaur woman.
3) Learned about the creation of sentient weapons and how they're created.
4) Became an instructor at Jax's gym.

#### [[Morgan]] 
1) Spent time to learn about what the neighborhood and Thalathi think about the party.
2) Spent time ingratiating himself with the Thalathi, running errands and performing jobs for them. Was rewarded with a first rank Bag of Holding for his efforts.


### Treasure


### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=100> </progress> 100/1000

