The party responded to a job posting from an old wizard looking for help (and new apprentices). At the old man's house, they met [[Dry Bones]], another wizard.  It appears that the old Wizard, Barnabus Quinnsby, has lost his magic ring down the sink.  He wishes to shrink the party for them to delve down the sink and retrieve it.  He offers to let them keep whatever other treasure they find as well as a 100 gold reward.

The party begins by climbing down the drain.  At the bottom they find a large pool of water and a Fire Jellyfish Swarm.

Dispatching the swarm and continuing, they watched in horror as a ladybug was eaten by a rat through a crack in the pipe and was waiting around for more nourishment.  

Scaring the rat away, they encountered four wood scamps who had one of Barnabus's apprentices, Bhoja, captive.  Aravael suggests that Bhoja start a union for wizard apprentices due to dangerous work conditions, or at the very least, leave Barnabus.

The party continues on with Bhoja in tow.  They easily bypass the magic mirror blocking their way. Further down the pipe, the find the skeleton of a snake that had been burrowing in the pipe.  Inside the skeleton is the corpse of one of Bhoja's fellow apprentices.  They determine cause of death was a large fall.  They are able to identify other areas of weakness in the skeleton and are able to avoid them and their own fall.

They come upon a Myceloid and three Fungus Leshy followers.  The Myceloid is wearing the wizard's ring like a crown.  The party makes quick work of the group and recover the ring.  In the room, they also find a large collection of stolen/recovered jewelry (see treasure below).


### Treasure
300 gp diamond (taken by Dry Bones)  
[Necklace of Companion](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=1086) (as Crown of the Companion)  
[Ring of the Tiger](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=1750)  
[Pendant of the Occult](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=3098)  
[Polished Pebble Ring](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=407)  (as Polished Pebble Aeon Stone)  
[Gold Ring](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=407) (as Gold Nodule Aeon Stone)  

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=510> </progress> 515/1000

