Session opened with the party meeting [[Elandil Silverleaf]] near Keshtraya.  It's uncommon (but not unheard of) for this many new inhabitants to arrive in The City.  Elandil works for the Partnership of Inclusive Exellence and Integration Efforts (PIXIE).  The new inhabitants consist of the following:
- [[Aranvael]]: an angelic looking cleric of Iomadae
- [[Bandit]]: a ratfolk presenting magus
- [[Grundulin Heffengrew]]: an orpok rogue
- [[Morgan]]: a gnome bard with a trombone

Elandil leads the party from the clean and manicured Keshraya to the much less clean and manicured Cobblermoot Square.  He takes them to a run down and presumably abandoned house.  He says the house is now theirs and to check in back at the PIXIE office once they're settled in before rushing back to the perceived safety of a nicer neighborhood.

Upon entering, the party is faced with a large granite statue upon which sits an old book.  Said book turned out to be [[Lute]], a mimic.  Lute had a buddy; an ooze named Rotrot.  Rotrot was hungry and wouldn't listen to Lute.  The party killed it.  The party then proceeded to confront Lute about wtf just happened and what's going on with the house.  All Lute knows is that he has a deed for the house (which says the house belongs to [[Aerlys Valterin]].

The party proceeded to explore the rest of the house, encountering a swarm of toy soldiers as well as another mindless ooze in the kitchen.  After searching the entire first floor, the party decides to rest.

### Treasure
+1 Striking toy short sword
5x Potion of Healing (minor)
Healer's Kit Expanded

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=300> </progress> 300/1000

