Session opened on the party recovering after the fight with Yagnar and his henchmen.  Jax arrived shortly after the conclusion of the fight.  He is visibly upset at the deaths of two of the Thalathi.  Upon hearing what the Golvermund was after, he is able to find the Crimson Lens for the party.  He tells the party that he believes they are the best opportunity to get the remaining lenses before the Golvermund. He informs them the most likely location of the ebon lens and would seek out the location of the emerald and ochre lenses while the party retrieves the ebon lense.  He instructs the party to show no mercy and to kill Xonios.

The party heads to Xarwin manor, the infamous haunted house. Ioseff Xarwin studied what exists between planes and worlds and was slowly driven insane.  As the party approaches the house, they notice is covered in a thin, sticky, ectoplasmic substance.  It doesn't stop them from opening the door.  When they do, they are filled with a sense of dread that quickly washes away, just in time to notice that all the birds in the area are dead and falling from the trees.

The party entered the main foyer and are attacked by a trio of mimics who claim the house for themselves (later confirmed to be on Lute's list of known mimics in the city).  The party dispatches them relatively easily.  They continue to search the house, exploring various rooms and stair wells.  They encounter a glass golem in the basement.  Upon dispatching it, they continued on in the dungeon below the manor.  They opened a door and find Xonios and Broghat in conversation with a figure with a celestial/cosmic body.  Xonios has beaten them to the ebon lens and congratulated by the new figure.  He instructs Xonios to retrieve the crimson lens.  The party learns that Xonios is a summoner and Broghat isn't his bodyguard, but his eidolon.  They also discover that Xonios is now incorporeal.  They defeat Xonios, but not before he teleports to safety with the ebon lens.

Immediately after fleeing, the ghost of Ioseff Xarwin manifests and attacks the party.  After some close calls, including an AOE where every party member critically failed the saving throw, the party dispatches the ghost, presumably to return at a later date and fully exorcise the manor.

The party leaves the manor, eager to go after another lens before Xonios and his apparent master can get to it.

### Treasure
Scrolls of Comprehend Language, hypercognition, and restoration (4th level)  
[Starless Scope](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=954) (ignore the requirement to be a worshipper of Desna)  
+1 chain shirt 
Wand of spiritual weapon  
wand of soothe (2nd level)  
+1 striking dagger  
[Ventriloquist's Ring](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=3114)  

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=300> </progress> 300/1000

