The Party finds its way back to Barkeep's Sunken Island after safely escorting [[Zogthar Battlerage]] to the [[Central Keshtraya Library]].   They inform [[Jax]] about the encounter they had on the way. He is surprised at the brazenness of the [[Golvermund]].

He is, however, true to his word and pays the party handsomely for the work they've done for him and the [[Thalathi]] that morning.

Is is the day of the grand re-opening of the bar, so the party assists with some last minute preparations before celebrating that night.  Grundulin puts together a delightful and eclectic dinner and drink pairing menu in spite of Anur's attempts to include cucumbers and bread and butter pickles.  Aranvael and Bandit assist with setting up the main common areas.

Night falls and the bar opens and a steady crowd of people fill the bar.  The party members make their rounds.  Aranvael talks with [[Aerlys Valtorin|Aerlys]] and [[Zeus Etcher|Zues]] about what he's learned over the past two days and asks Aerlys if he could do some research regarding conservation of magical energy and summoning.  Aerlys, happy to be finding a place again after the devastating personal events of the past week, readily agrees.

Grundulin speaks to Jax, and asks him to be introduced to any important people.  Grundulin wishes to expand his social sphere and influence.  Jax tentatively agrees. Grundulin has a chance immediately as Dhessah, a serpantfolk district representative to the City Council enters the bar and starts making the rounds, but only speaking to important people.  Grundulin walks right up and introduces himself, completely unaware of the faux pas he is committing.  Dhessah has a begruding respect the the audacity.

Asja, the Khashrishi (rhino person) from the library enters and approaches Jax, telling him what was stolen from the library: Equilibrium of Enchantment: Laws of Magical Conservation and Transformation and Arcane Physics: Understanding the Conservation of Magical Forces. Aranvael tells Jax that he is going to the town guard with the information.  Jax says he has no reason to stop him.

Towards the end of the evening, a woman enters the bar.  Bandit and Aranvael recognize her as one of the fighters that ran away a few days ago.  Grundulin turns on the charm and buys her dinner while Bandit and Aranvael start their own bromance.  The woman leaves the bar and the party decides to follow her on Jax's instructions.  She leads them through the city to a non descript building.  Once there a large, cloaked in dark smoke minotaur steps out, congratulating Majora on successfully leading the party to him.

Session will open with rolling initiative.

### Treasure
+1 striking gnomish flickmace  
+1 striking rapier  
Jolt Coil  
Flaming Star  


### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=450> </progress> 450/1000

