Session opened with the party turning a corner and being confronted by the Golvermund woman as well is a large, smoke shrouded minotaur.  "We were making such good progress  establishing our foothold here and furthering our goals.  We had to be more careful in this districts than in others. But you've been getting in our way an awful lot over the past week.  Our job will be easier with you gone."  And with that, initiative was rolled and the fight was on.

Two gargoyles joined the fray and despite some close calls with multiple characters being knocked unconscious, the party was victorious. But not before the minotaur had things to say.

To Anur: "You.  You have our smell on you.  Strong, too.  We were close to the knowledge we were looking for."

To Aranvael: "You... it's much fainter on you.  You must be the one who was snuck away as a babe."

End of Life Monologue-ing: "Aha. And so I return to nothing. Celebrate not, though.  You've existed for too long and the gates are open.  We have gained sentience and we shall not rest until you are destroyed."

Aranvael went searching for some town guards and found one in Charles Charles.  Charles takes the party back to the precinct for questioning.  Along the way, Morgan decides to mess with Charles, causing him to stab the dead gargoyle, delivering the "killing blow."

The party arrives at the precinct and meet [[Nuzul Drun]], a lieutenant in the city guard. He is unfazed by the party's report.  The city guard knows very little about the Golvermund.  He agrees to let the party go to investigate more on the condition that they share with him what they find. The party heads back home with plans to go back to the library to do more research.

### Treasure


### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=0> </progress> 0/1000

