Session opened with [[The Party]] resting and recovering in the dining area on the first floor.  After daily preparations were complete, the party fixed the crumbling stairs before proceeding to the second floor.  Encountering a long hallway with a half dozen doors, the party attempted (and succeeded!) to fool any possible monsters that they were going down the hall.

Unfortunately, no Monty Hall solution was necessary as a very weird and very dangerous Temporal Manifestation along with two Shadow Thieves awaited them behind door number one.  Lute was promptly eaten, Grundulin hit very hard, Bandit knocked unconscious, Aranvael hit even harder (twice), and Morgan just chilling in the hallway playing some tunes because he was too slow to get inside.  During the fight, another humanoid was ejected from inside the Temporal Manifestation the same time as Lute.

After many tense rounds, the Monsters lay dying (really, they just disappeared) and the party lay gravely wounded.  Not so wounded that they couldn't investigate the mysterious ejected humanoid who turned out to be none other than [[Aerlys Valtorin]].  The party learned that Aerlys was attacked by the temporal manifestation some indeterminate number of years ago (minimum 23). They also learned that Aerlys was a power magic user who was able to trap the Manifestation as his last act before being consumed. Now, though, Aerlys can't even understand 3rd rank spells.

After some disagreement on who now owned the house, the party headed back to the PIXIE office to find/confront [[Elandil Silverleaf]]. Elandil was gone so the party discussed matters with [[Mira Goodbarrel]], a halfling woman who is about as frustrated with Elandil as the party.  After confirming that the party was led to the right house, and that the house was officially given to PIXIE by The City, Mira showed the party the [[Job Board]].  The party decided that they would be better served learning more about their new home and the eyes and ears available to them from a tavern owner would greatly help in that endeavor.

### Party Next Steps
- Go to the Rocabaira to share their findings from the house.
- Head to the tavern to assist with renovations.
### Treasure
2x [Retrieval Prism](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=1032)
50 GP

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=570> </progress> 570/1000

