The party finds itself at the estate of [[Ezraenok]], who is said to be rather eccentric and uses his grounds for a strange zoo.  The party is sent to meet [[Bahani Tarci]], a member of the Thalathi and the one who informed Jax that Ezraenok might have connections to the Golvermund.

The party finds Bahani trapped inside a bear enclosure.  Don't worry, these are normal bears, just three cubs and an protective mother.  The party distracts the mother long enough for Bahani to escape the enclosure and manage to escape without serious injuries themselves.  Bahani informs the party that there seems to be sabotage ramping up, but she doesn't know by whom or why.  She tells the party that assisting with the coralling and/or protection of the various animals would gain the favor of Ezraenok; the fewer animals injured, the better - except for the Augimps, which the party could kill without consequence.

The party sets off and soon finds itself in a building housing a very hot, very volcanic biome.  They find a quartet of large, very frightened Furnace Newts.  The magical pillars that allow the newts to reach heat equilibrium had been damaged.  Dry Bones managed to fix three of the four pillars with an assist from Anur before the heat of the exhibit overwhelmed the newts and caused them to perish.

The party continued around the estate and soon saw four very large ~~worms~~, ~~wyrms~~, wurms.  Nearby was a set of cages meant for these animals, but also meant for small animals, not these gargantuan monstrosities. However, despite appearing as very large predators, these animals were not acting like very large predators.  Aranvael bravely (or foolishly, who can tell) approached one with food.  The wurm disapeared and in it's place was a cat sized lizard, also known as a False Tarrasque.  Enough bribing with food allowed the party to successfully cage all four lizards.

The party continued on and soon saw a dark, twisted looking rabbit.  Soon they were confronted by a very large group of Augimps (two troop of reskinned Pugwampis).  These augimps spread their unlucky auras around the party.  They were able to spread out in such a way to minimize the bad luck and made quick work of both troops with Anur's hammer suddenly becoming area damage (Thaumaturges are bullshit) and Dry Bones having an AoE cantrip (also bullshit, but less bullshit than electric arc). Session ended with a few more enclosures left to fix.

### Treasure


### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=1165> </progress> 1165/1000

