Session opens with [[Aranvael]] and [[Bandit]] in Barkeep's Sunken Island.  They are called over to a table by [[Jax]], who introduces them to [[Sayji]], an old, tired, depressed gentleman.  The party has shown themselves capable to Jax (see: next week's session).  Sayji is representing Tomas, a man accused of stealing an onyx panther figurine from his employer, a Citizen by the name of [[Girval Narsk]]. There is little evidence linking Tomas to the crime, but Sayji believes him when Tomas says that he's innocent.  Aranvael and Bandit agree to investigate.

They head to Girval's estate.  They approach the guards at the front gate and ask they they could speak with Girval.  They are turned away.  They begin to scout the perimeter, hoping to learn something.  They meet a street merchant named Marta who tells them she saw a figure climbing out of a second floor window.  She didn't see anyone enter the window, implying it could be an inside job.  Aranvael and Bandit take a closer look and find where the apparent thief climbed over the fence.  They successfully sneak over the fence and up the wall to the window. They find an empty, barely used study as well as where the stolen figurine would have been along with two more.  They hide the jade bear and take the ivory elephant for leverage.  The street merchant sees them climbing out of the window and directs them to a man named Grimsby.

Grimsby is a ~~theif~~ independent operator.  He's not part of the [[Thalathi]] but says that as long as he leaves Thalathi members and clients alone, they leave him alone.  Grimsby shares with Aranvael and Bandit the time and location of a rumored handoff in exchange for a favor to be named later.

Aranvael and Bandit head to the meeting point.  They find a figure who matches the description of what Marta saw climbing out of the window as well as a larger figure, the buyer.  Upon being confronted, the smaller figure tries to run away but is knocked unconcious by the larger figure, who in turn is knocked unconcious by the party.

Both are brough to the jail where Tomas is being held.  A constable is directed to retrieve Girval who storms into the station demanding the release of his son. Given that his son was in possession of the figurine, and the larger man admitted to attempting to buy the figurine from the son, the constables didn't have reason to hold Tomas anymore.  Girval, however, refused to give Tomas his job back.  Instead, Bandit offered Tomas a job for 1 silver per day.

### Treasure
For Bandit - a magical scabbard
For Aranvael - information to be delivered later.

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=0> </progress> TBD/1000

