The party continued it's trip around the zoo and found themselves in a dark forest area with a tall pole and large ball at the top.  Working their way down the path, Bandit sees a two groups of glowing eyes following the party.  Aranvael casts Light, triggering the Fetchfisher's to attack.  The party rushes to the end of the trail to examine the pole and the animal information board.  Aravael correctly surmises that he should cast Light on the large ball.  His spell is magnified multiple times over, creating dark shadows in the enclosure.  The fetchfishers, feeling much more comfortable in the shadows than in the bright light, hastily retreat.

The party continued their journey and encountered the Wackadodo area.  They learned that the large, two headed birds are intrigued by dancing and while normally aggressive can become more docile and curious when encountering a dance they haven't seen before.  The party approaches the two Wackadodos in a line, dancing to a heavy bass beat.  The wackadodos, intrigued, begin to follow the party back towards the cages mean to contain the birds so they can be examined. Numerous checks later and the birds are safely contained.

The party then finds three creepy, cloaked humanoids cornering a three eyed rhinoceros.  These are the beings that had been disrupting and sabotaging the rest of the zoo, so that they could freely access this enclosure.  The party confronts and easily dispatches them, saving the chronocerous.

### Treasure
+1 Dagger x3  
Gouger Cloak x3 (can be used to craft Cloak of Eyes)  
```pf2e-stats
# Cloak of Eyes
## Item 3

==Uncommon== ==Divination== ==Invested== ==Magical==
**Usage** worn garmet; **Bulk** 1

---
This gruesome garment is covered in eyeballs of every shape and size. It might be mistaken for a robe of eyes if not for its crude construction and bloodstained fabric. 
While wearing the cloak of eyes, you emit a dazzling aura to a range of 30 feet. A creature that starts its turn in the aura must attempt a DC 18 Fortitude save. On a failure, the creature is dazzled for 1d4 rounds by the entrancing, unblinking eyes of the cloak. Regardless of the results of this save, the creature is immune to this aura for 24 hours. You can deactivate or activate this aura with a single action (this action has the concentrate trait). 
While wearing a cloak of eyes, you take a –2 status penalty to saving throws against gaze attacks and cannot use the Avert Gaze action.
```

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=300> </progress> 300/1000

