Session opened with the party at Barkeep's Sunken Island. They are approached by Charles Charles. He informs them that Zarta would like to meet with them.  Some of the Rocabaira members have returned with some magical items and the group needs helps identifying the items.  This is below the pay grade of more senior members and the more junior members don't have the experience.  She believes this would good opportunity to establish a more formal working relationship with the party.

The party meets Biglock, a mimic (confirmed to be on Lute's list) getting over a cold.  He hacks up a tailweaver and sends the party to a Khisa, a local shopkeeper who specializes in such devices.  The shopkeeper shows them how to use the device, which tells the tale of a corrupt wizard, and in the process summons three demons.  The party relatively easily dispatches them, though not without some crits and forced naps.

The party returns to Biglock and he gives them a tattered parchment, written in code.  They haven't been able to translate it, so they are sent to Omira, a retired Rocabaira member.  Omira recognizes the handwriting as her former partner's.  She agrees to give the command word, but asks the party for help.  She has memories of a purple door, but none exist after she walked through it. She created a dreamscape for the party to wander through, to help her find her lost memories.  The party enters the dreamscape and are shown memories of Omira's last adventure with the Rocabaira, her former partner, their destruction of a corrupted thurible, and the slaughter of another adventuring party.  Another demon established a connection to Omira and has been using it to interfere in her life.  Omira realizes she needs to consult a cleric to sever the connection. She gives the command word to the party and they discover that it details the the possibility of an undead threat where her partner died.

On the way back to Biglock, the party is ambushed by more demons.  The party quickly dispatches those as well and ended session.

### Treasure
Wand of Longstrider (2nd Level)
Encompassing Lockpick
Wand of Fey Flames


### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=200> </progress> 200/1000

