Session opens in Barkeep's Sunken Island.  The party has just finished helping [[Durin Stoutbrew]] prepare his tavern for it's grand reopening. As they're wrapping up for the evening, [[Jax]] enters the tavern.  He is looking for more information regarding the fight a few days prior.

Jax compliments the party on the work they've done and their apparent martial prowress.  He offers the party another job: escorting someone to the [[Central Keshtraya Library]].  The party accepts and Jax introduces them to someone in a similar situation, [[Anur Hekman]].  Anur is also new to The City and demonstrating competence and capability.

The party returns the following day to meet and escort [[Zogthar Battlerage]] to the Library.  Zogthar is an orc wizard who has books that don't currently exist in the Library, and has agreed to bring them to be copied.  His background is in summoning and conservation of magical energy. He is quite nerdy and socially oblivious.

The party was attacked what they later discovered to be members of the [[Golvermund]].  They were soundly defeated, though not before the attackers nearly got away with Zogthar's backpack.

Upon reaching the library, the party learns that Zogthar was carrying his own personal spell book, Dragon-Slaying and Heart-Taking: A Knight to Remember, Caverns and Wyverns, The Conservation Conundrum: Balancing Magic in a Finite World, and The Elemental Enchiridion: Practical Summoning for the Aspiring Mage.  The library is only interested in making copies of the latter two books.

While at the library, Anur gained access to level one restricted books on occultism, Aranvael checked out a few books about celestial hierarchy (but left the children's book behind), and Grundulin checked out some rather on brand cookbooks.

The party heads back to Barkeep's Sunken Island to claim their pay for escorting Zogthar as well as the grand opening.

### Treasure
50 GP
+1 striking longsword

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=305> </progress> 305/1000

