[[The Party]] left the PIXIE office and proceeded to the local Rocabaira station.  There they met a lone, bored automaton who took their report but was skeptical.  "There has not been a magical attack on The City in centuries if not millennia."  The party did, however, invite him out for a drink at the end of his shift in 11 years, 277 days at 7:00 PM.

The Party then proceeded to the tavern they agreed to help renovate.  Upon arriving they witnessed the proprietor, [[Durin Stoutbrew]] being ~~extorted~~ asked for payment for protection.  It is revealed that he has been paying for protection from the [[Thalathi]], a criminal enterprise that works throughout the city.  However, this is from the Golvermund, a new organization.  The party proceeded to engage in combat with the ~~extorionists~~ protectors, with Bandit proceeding to one-shot-massive-damage-instant-kill the leader.  The other two promptly ran away.

It was late in the day, so the party did not begin work and instead decided to go back to the house.  Along the way, they discovered that [[Aerlys Valtorin|Aerlys]]'s friend [[Zeus Etcher]] did, in fact, open his shop called Etcher's Etchings and Exchange.  Zeus was shocked to see his old friend and revealed that Aerlys has been gone for over 100 years.  In 12 hours, Aerlys has lost his house, his money, his magic, and his family and is in bad shape. The party has agreed that he can stay at the house; he may as well be new to The City now too.

The party headed back to the tavern to assist with renovations.  Over the course of five days, they reframed and patched walls, looked for and eradicated vermin, handed out flyers, tricked [[Elandil Silverleaf|Elandil]] (and other members of his neighborhood) into giving Lute money, and created an animated broom to clean the tavern.  The tavern is set to open as Barkeep's Sunken Island.

### Treasure
50 GP  
Steel shield  
Plate Armor  
Free drinks for life at Barkeep's Sunken Island

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=> <0/progress> 0/1000d

