Having unsuccessfully located and retrieved the ebon lens from Xarwin Manor, the party regroups at Barkeep's Sunken Temple.  While there, they are approached by their old friend, Charles Charles.  He's joined the Rocabaira after the party's very effective pep talk regarding his potential.

Charles Charles informs the party that there is supposed to be equilibrium when teleporting using magic.  However, whenever people arrive at The City through the Keshtraya, there is a tiny, essentially imperceptible, amount of excess magical energy.  This magical energy has coalesced into the Teeming Void.  The Teeming Void use the Golvermund as a front.  The Rocabaira don't know what the Golvermund are receiving for working for the Teeming Void, nor do they know what the end goal of the Teeming Void is.  But given the actions of the Teeming Void, the Rocabaira stand against them.  

Jax is still working on securing the emerald lens from the Wildthorn Druids. Charles Charles shares information the Rocabaira have regarding the ochre lens.  It is held by a being known as the Kuworsys.  It lives deep in the undercity; deep enough that people who have ventured too far have not come back.

The party entered the undercity.  As they delved deeper, they encountered two parties of Drow, both which seemed a bit manic.  They also discovered that the undercity changes as they venture further; when they back track, they do not see the areas they came through.  Unsure of how they'll get out, the party ventures on.  Session ended just as the party was about to roll initiative again.

### Treasure


### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=320> </progress> 320/1000

