Session opened with Grundulin rejoining the party after raiding the kitchen, wondering what in the world has been happening.  The party successfully breaks the third ward on the door and thanks to Dry Bones's research are able to easily identify the amulet they came here for.

After some deliberation, the party takes the amulet back to Xonios and gives it to him.  He informs the party of the whereabouts of the coquicigrues and that he will find them when he is ready and promptly disappears.

The party takes the birds to Ezraenok's estate. They are lead in to see him.  He is sad and upset because someone has stolen something from him.  "Even though I rarely go, it's my way home," he said. He has a wanted poster with him with pictures of the four people encountered by the guards; thankfully the pictures look nothing like the party.  "If you encounter the people who stole from me, please bring them here." For the first time since the party has met him, Ezraenok sounds like a devil.  He rewarded them with gold; his reward plus the money that the party didn't give to Xonios  amounted to 1,000 gold for each character.

The party entered a short period of downtime. Dry Bones learned some spells.  Bandit earned some more gold.  Grundulin attempted to do some schmoozing.  Aranvael attempted to send a dream message to Xonios, only to discover that Xonios wasn't on the planet.

During downtime, the party was visited by Jax who informed them that two different Thalathi safehouses had been hit by the Golvermund. He also told the party to keep working on getting in with the Golvermund so that they could learn and share as much information as possible.

After four weeks, Xonios returned. He finds the party at the Sunken Island. He is joined by his guard Broghat (as always) and Yagnar, another orc. He informs the party that the Golvermund is interested in four magical lenses.

Emerald Lens - held by the druids in the Wildthorn district.
Ochre Lens - thought to be in possession of a monster in the Undercity.
Ebon Lens - In a haunted house
Ruby Lens - in the possession of the Thalathi, it's whereabouts just confirmed, and Xonios wants them to head there to retrieve it now.

After receiving some assurances regarding their safety and haggling regarding pay and advancement opportunities, the party heads to the Thalathi warehouse with Yagnar.  The warehouse has already been taken by the Golvermund.  A small group is standing guard at the entrance, another is searching for the lens, and a third is standing guard over ~~four~~ three members of the Thalathi.  Yagnar orders the party to extract the location of the ruby lens from the remaining members.  They refuse.  When one of the remaining members attempts to discreetly cast a spell, they are killed by one of the guards. "Their deaths is how we guarantee your safety. They've seen your faces now." The party offers to help search the warehouse.  Yagnar sighs, "Fine.  Kill the rest of them and help search."  Aranvael gleefully starts a fight by closing the door and locking it.

Grundulin blocks a bullet with his face. Yagnar ricochets  bullets off both Bandit and Grundulin.  The other Golvermund members break down the door. Aravael does his damndest keeping everyone alive as Dry Bones drops a fireball out in the hallway to clear most of the other members.  Multiple party members go down and Yagnar's ferocity proves him very difficult to kill, but eventually the party succeeds.

Session ends immediately after Yagnar falls.  Wounded value and persistent damage kill him instantly.

### Treasure
1,000 GP per character.

### XP tracker

XP: <progress max=1000 value=000> </progress> 0/1000

